---
title: Xen fsck'd my Grub!
layout: post
category: Linux troubleshooting
exerpt: Here's a system configuration to rival swill cheese for holes per unit of measurement. Take a Windows box, install Virtual Box and Vagrant on that. In Virtual Box, install a headless version of CentOS 7. Now once you've recovered from that headache, break it all by installing Xen. Now improperly uninstall Xen so that it erases your master boot record from the config file. 
author: Konstantin Farrell
edited: 05/17/2016
published: false
image:
image-alt:
---

# How do you fix en empty grub config...

So if you're like me, or just want to give yourself a major headache,
check out how I managed to misconfigure Xen to wipe my `grub.conf` file.

Take a Windows box and install Virtual Box and Vagrant on that.
In Virtual Box, install a headless version of CentOS 7.
Now once you've recovered from that headache, break it all by installing Xen.
Now improperly uninstall Xen so that it erases your master boot record from the config file.
Congrats! You've broken your system just like I have.

So how the hell do you fix this?

### First you purchase a gallon of ice cream.

Once you've powered through that like a champ, you're gonna have to come to terms with the
face that your master boot record is gone. Unless you have a backup somewhere, you're
gonna have to rewrite the whole damn thing.

And you cant really do this from grub, so what do?
Your best bet would probably be booting from a live USB, opening the hard drive as a filesystem,
then finding and replacing the old `/boot/grub/grub.conf` file with one that works.

This doesn't sound all that bad, except for when you stop to consider that you're running everything
through Virtual Box. You're gonna have to figure out how to mount the live system through Virtual Box
in order to boot from it when the VM starts up. Or you could just continue reading because
I've done it for you.

First grab the `.iso` file for the OS you're trying to save. It would help if the configurations are
identical, though it isn't entirely necessary.

In Virtual Box, you can 
